From the New York Times, I'm Natalie
[music] Kitroeff. This is The Daily.
>> [music]
>> For the last 3 weeks, a messy, dramatic
[music] battle has played out between
two of the most powerful titans of tech
in the world. Elon Musk and Sam Altman.
In a high-stakes [music]
lawsuit, Musk is seeking to one
of the leaders of the AI boom, OpenAI,
and remove Altman as [music] its chief
executive.
Today, as jury deliberations in [music]
the trial begin, tech reporter Mike
Isaac takes us inside the courtroom
[music] drama and explains how a
corporate dispute got extremely
personal.
>> [music]
[music]
>> It's Monday, May 18th.
Oh my god, I'm so sorry. Can you hear
me? Mike, you made it. I'm sorry. I've
been so harried. Thank you for dealing
with it.
I mean, are you hanging in? It seems
like it's been a long day. I'm pretty
fried, man. It's been like 3 weeks of
12-hour days, 5:00 a.m. mornings. It's
pretty intense. Yeah, 3 weeks, no
breaks, covering the Musk-Altman trial
every single day. I have so many
questions. Just tell us what that's been
like. What have you seen?
>> [music]
>> Oh, yeah, there's Elon.
So, it's downtown Oakland.
It's the battle of the billionaires here
at the district court and Elon People
show up at like 5:00 or 6:00 o'clock in
the morning most days and right from the
beginning This song is hot off press.
>> It's kind of like the circus is entering
town. Hm. Ready?
He calls himself an altruist, but look
at what he's done. His race to super AI
could kill each and every one. You have
a bunch of protest groups. You have
people who hate Sam Altman. You have
people who hate Elon Musk.
>> Musk's ego marches [singing] on.
You have people who hate everyone
involved. So, again, we have
trillionaires
and billionaires arguing over OpenAI,
while hundreds of thousands of workers
cannot afford to live in the region. Oh,
and I forgot to mention the
You know those like wavy car dealership
things?
>> Sure. Iconic. So, there's that with an
Elon Sucks printed in big block letters
on it.
>> Okay. There's a more intense one of Musk
doing the Sieg Heil salute.
>> Wow. Like the arms are doing the Heil.
Yes, I don't actually know how they did
the engineering to make that work, but
all of which is to say it's a scene. I
talked to one woman who is retired and
was a university administrator and has
just been showing up cuz it's fun.
Everyone is showing up hoping to get
into the courtroom, which is only like
30 unreserved seats, so it's kind of
like trying to get in the club, but the
club is people worried about the end of
the world because of AI, basically.
So, high-intensity atmosphere outside
the courtroom, clearly. What about
inside? You know, we all have to go into
this federal courthouse
and it's a pretty intimate hallway that
leads to the courtroom. And then on the
other side is like a holding pen where
they keep all the like billionaires that
don't want to be around people like me
all day, and they have to essentially
walk past us to get into the courtroom.
So every day on the way in you have Elon
Musk, Sam Altman, Greg Brockman, one of
the other co-founders of OpenAI, all the
sort of like bigwigs of AI kind of
coming down to earth and dealing with
the press and the public and their fans
and their detractors. But it's more than
that, it's this moment where the stakes
are pretty big here. Talk about that.
Yeah, it's Musk levying this lawsuit
which has been years now in the making.
He's saying that with this project that
he got involved with with OpenAI so many
years ago, he was duped essentially from
creating what he thought would be a
nonprofit to build artificial
intelligence for the good of mankind and
instead what Elon Musk says is that he
was tricked by his co-founders, Sam
Altman, Greg Brockman, who decided they
wanted to make it a for-profit company
once they had stars and dollar signs in
their eyes.
And I think it's you know, there's a lot
of lawsuits that fly around Silicon
Valley, but this one could really damage
OpenAI, what is now almost a
trillion-dollar private company. Say
why. So Musk is asking for a lot. For
one, he wants 150 billion with a B
dollars in damages, but he's saying not
for me, of course, it's to be returned
to the nonprofit organization, which is
like the parent of OpenAI, the
for-profit company. So it's like this
quote-unquote selfless moment that he's
trying to do. Musk is also asking for
them to unwind this for-profit structure
that they've devised and basically turn
OpenAI back into exclusively a
nonprofit. And finally, we have I guess
what would be the coup de grâce for
management, which is to basically remove
Sam Altman and Greg Brockman from the
top of the company and the board of
directors. And And that's a big deal.
So, it's a lot.
>> [snorts]
>> Mike, I think it's going to be news to
people that OpenAI even has a non-profit
company attached to it. So, I want you
to kind of go back to the beginning,
which seems like is at the heart of this
case. Yes.
Rewind to 2015.
We have this moment of Elon Musk sitting
down with Larry Page, chief executive of
Google, and having basically a big
disagreement over the future of what AI
should look like. Musk says, "I'm very
worried." Apparently, he's been talking
at parties forever how he's very
concerned about the future of AI and it
harming humanity.
Larry Page says, "Whatever, it's fine,
you know, the way that AI will progress,
even if it's not for the good of
mankind, it's still going to be okay
because AI will survive past us."
Musk is shocked and aghast by that and
saying, "You know, you don't care about
humanity." Page calls him a speciesist,
which is a funny, new to me word.
>> Not a term I've heard. 100% saying, you
know, like he's being discriminatory
against an artificial intelligence
robot. And Elon's like, "I got to do
something about Google." Goes and starts
talking with Sam Altman, who then was
running a startup incubator in Silicon
Valley, and saying, "This is existential
stuff. We need to worry about what AI
could do for the future."
Thus, OpenAI was born. And the idea was,
"We should be the ones building the
future of artificial intelligence, but
we need to do it safely and build it in
a altruistic manner, let's say."
And Elon Musk was the money man, right?
He had made a ton of money on PayPal. He
was building Tesla and doing really
well. He had SpaceX and you know, this
feels long ago, but his star was also
pretty high and there was it was mostly
seeing him as like
Iron Man slash boy wonder inventions guy
and you know, the entrepreneur that
everyone loved. So he was the one that
was like, okay, I'm going to fund this
thing that's a money-losing endeavor,
but that's the point because we're doing
this for the good of mankind, basically.
And from the beginning, everyone
involved, including Musk, Altman, they
agree AI is this incredibly important
technology and that it's really critical
that they be in charge of it as an
altruistic endeavor so that in their
minds the good guys are the stewards of
this ultra-powerful thing that's coming.
And the thought is Altman is going to
build it and Musk is going to fund it.
Yeah, that's right. And you know, the
funny thing going on in this trial too
is just sort of seeing a window into how
they were talking about it over email at
the time and like this was when no one
cared about AI and it was kind of a
fringe pursuit and they were all talking
about it like the far-flung universe in
which AI was going to take over the
world. They were serious about it. It's
interesting because we hear so much of
that now, these doomerist kind of
concerns about AI, but you're saying
privately amongst each other they were
voicing that early on. Yeah, totally. I
mean, I'm I've been out here in the
valley for like 16, 17 years and pretty
cynical and usually when I I hear these
sort of grand proclamations about
worrying about humanity, I'm just like,
okay, all right. But like they've been
talking about this for a long time in
the same way and weren't performing on
an email chain of three people. Okay.
So, these guys joined forces, they're
aligned on mission. What happens next?
Yeah, so Musk, who by [clears throat]
the way is running multiple companies,
is kind of a figure in the background
who is paying the rent. He's got the
checks coming in, funding this thing,
while Sam Altman and Greg Brockman are
trying to do the work of building the
next generation AI models, right? We get
to around 2017-2018.
Greg and Sam start talking about if we
need to develop these models the way we
want to, we are going to need a heck of
a lot more money. And maybe like in the
millions, tens of millions, billions
even, like long before the insane sums
we know we're spending now. But they
start saying this not-for-profit model,
the way we have it structured may not
work entirely. They're basically
realizing this is going to be super
resource-intensive and a nonprofit isn't
going to get us where we need to be to
build the thing we need to build. Yeah,
that's exactly right. And so what we
started seeing come out in the trial is
uh emails between Sam Altman and Greg
Brockman trying to figure out just
exactly how they could change this
nonprofit structure into something that
could help them get the money they
needed. And so what do they do? So
there's this sort of like interesting
Cold War battle brewing between Sam and
Elon and other folks involved.
They're exchanging these increasingly
terse and tense emails with one another.
And Musk is worried that he's
essentially losing his grasp on this
nonprofit company.
And so he has this idea
of moving OpenAI inside of Tesla to say,
"Hey, we can incubate it in here. This
is where we can build AI."
Altman bucks at that idea. And things
basically fall apart. And so at that
point, Elon says, "Look,
I'm out. Go with God. Good luck. I'm
doing my own thing." Wow, he he's out.
He cuts bait over this. That's right.
He's just like tired of it. And you have
to understand, too, AI development at
the time was not what it is now. It
wasn't like him saying, "I don't care
about the hottest technology ever." Like
this thing was costing him money and it
was making him frustrated and he was
arguing at them on a thing that he
didn't know if it would ever work.
Right. And for OpenAI, does that mean
that the Elon money spigot then turns
off? Practically, what's the consequence
for them? I mean, it's funny, he
actually does continue to pay rent on
their offices for a few more months,
which is nice of him, I guess. But Sam
and Greg start talking to Microsoft, the
king of software from forever. They've
been doing a bunch of AI spending for a
long time. They realize that Google is
very far ahead of them in AI. And so
Microsoft's Satya Nadella, the CEO,
says, "Hey, do we need to get on this AI
train? Should we be funding this
research in OpenAI?" That's sort of the
deal they start arranging. And, you
know, Sam and Greg negotiate this thing
where Microsoft will now be the backer
of incubating AI research inside of
OpenAI. And Microsoft promises OpenAI a
billion dollars. And it's important
there because the amount of money that
Elon Musk spent on this was $38 million,
which It's a lot to me.
>> yeah, it's more than I make.
>> [laughter]
>> Right, but in the grand scheme of things
In the grand scheme of things, it's
nothing compared to how much Microsoft
and others would eventually put into
this.
Okay, so the split at this point doesn't
sound that acrimonious. Like it doesn't
sound that bitter if he's still paying
the rent. It's just kind of like, okay,
we agreed to part ways. Yes. So then how
does it get to the point where Musk is
now suing them for 150 billion?
Open AI almost unceremoniously releases
chat GPT in 2022, their chatbot that
they didn't really think was a big deal
at the time, but they put it out in the
world and then the thing goes crazy.
Like it literally becomes the most
downloaded app of all time overnight. It
also wakes up every big company in in
the valley saying, okay, time to invest
enormous amounts of money in this. And
Microsoft decides to really step it up
and invest 10 billion dollars in Open
AI. Woah. Which is a lot of money.
The one person who doesn't like this
when they hear about it is Elon Musk.
Why?
So, if you're Elon Musk and you're
thinking, okay, I left this AI startup
that I founded, co-founded as a
nonprofit, and now all of a sudden this
thing sure seems like it's taking on the
characteristics of a for-profit company
with a significant amount of investment.
I'm not happy.
And so he fires off this message to Sam
Altman just being like,
"Dude, what are you doing? This feels
like a bait and switch." So this is the
moment when
Elon gets really mad at Open AI. It's
after they have this hit on their hands,
it's after they start to look dominant
in this industry. And if I'm not wrong
about this, isn't this also when Musk
himself is launching an AI company
around the same time? You are not wrong
about this. He starts building XAI,
which is his own version of developing
the next generation AI models. He wants
to essentially compete with what OpenAI
is doing.
Just curious, was Musk's AI project a
nonprofit? Funny you asked that,
actually. It was not a nonprofit. This
is a a for-profit company.
And you're getting at something which I
think is really key to the case.
Sam Altman and Elon Musk are both
accusing each other of being
hypocritical in what they're doing, you
know? I think this case is basically
like deciding which billionaire you
believe.
We'll be right [music] back.
Mike, you're telling us this whole trial
hinges on how credible members of the
jury find these two tech titans, which
billionaire they believe. So, let's get
into the stories that these billionaires
told about themselves in their
testimonies, which I understand were
quite explosive. Let's start with Musk.
Here's something you should probably
think about leading up to the trial.
There was actually some difficulty in
finding a jury that wasn't biased
against Musk for a little while because
of
>> No.
You might be surprised, but because of
his recent political activities, because
he was willing to be very vocal about
his politics online. He's aligned with
President Trump in a lot of ways. And
one way that Musk started off his
testimony and his lawyers started
questioning them is to go back to that
era we were talking about where people
still revered Elon Musk. He created
PayPal. He co-created Tesla and SpaceX.
And they tried to paint him as this
serial entrepreneur dreamer guy who just
wants to do things that are good for the
world and good for humanity. Do you
think that worked, Mike? It makes sense
that they wanted to do that. Did it
succeed?
Jury trials like this are always a
crapshoot. You really don't know if
people are going to buy it or not, but I
was looking at the jury the whole time
and there's something powerful about
having the world's literal richest and
most powerful men in front of you and
the way that they deliver these
testimonies is they don't face the
lawyers, they face the jury and they're
maybe a few feet away. And so, Elon
Musk, this guy who was at least once
revered as like the heir to Steve Jobs
as far as creativity and technology,
telling you that he cares about
humanity, he cares about you, the
jurors, and is doing this for you.
I think it was probably smart for them
to kind of at least lay that groundwork
and this is where Elon Musk was when he
was building Open AI. And what was he
like on the stand? Musk has like all
these interesting mannerisms, you know,
he tends to mutter and ramble, but in a
occasionally
self-effacing and even charming way, if
you can believe that. He talks about
these big grand things, you know, oh, I
want to go to Mars, I want to save
humanity, but doesn't do it with the
grandeur of a carnival barker or P.T.
Barnum. He's just sort of muttering it
as an engineer would be saying
something, right? And and it's very
interesting. That is interesting because
I was going to say
claiming that you want to save humanity,
it feels like that could go one of two
ways. Either you sound like a
megalomaniac, frankly, or you sound like
an altruist. 100%. I remember actually
at a tech conference years ago where he
was doing similar sort of way of
delivering his, you know, big grand
thoughts and it really worked on the
crowd because of exactly what you said.
There is a a sort of interesting charm
that I think works on a certain crowd
when he says it so matter-of-factly like
this is just his life and the way he
thinks about, I don't know, going to the
grocery store. He's like, "Okay, I got
to buy vegetables, I got to buy some
soda, and I have to take us to Mars
eventually." That's what is his daily
list looks like, I guess.
Fundamentally, Musk's argument in the
case is that Altman deceived him. Did he
come off as genuinely hurt? Yeah, so
there was a very clear line that Musk
and his attorneys sort of went over and
over, which was they're trying to steal
a charity. And if you allow OpenAI to
get away with this, no charity will ever
be safe in the future, is basically how
he positioned it.
And I think that was just sort of laying
the groundwork for little old me, I'm
this billionaire who also wants to save
humanity and do it altruistically
without any sort of hint of profit,
while my counterpart sitting across from
me over there is this Machiavellian guy
who, once he got the whiff of money from
this endeavor, decided to change the
whole thing and pulled the rug out from
under me.
But, I think the most memorable part was
upon cross-examination
from OpenAI's attorneys. That's when
Elon Musk, the fighter, let the
fireworks out, essentially. Tell me what
happened. Yeah, so
I think this actually kind of goes to
the heart of how OpenAI is trying to
prove its case. They're saying
Elon Musk is just a spurned guy who
feels like he's being out competed and
he's mad that he didn't have control
over this thing. And the way that
OpenAI's attorneys come at Musk
is I think a way that Musk probably
doesn't get spoken to that often. He
starts getting prodded by
cross-examination
and questions insinuating that he's
being untruthful or hypocritical or
contradictory.
And the humble sort of
aw shucks entrepreneurial Musk from
before starts melting away and we get
>> Uh-huh.
Musk the the pugilist, right? He starts
getting snippy and saying,
"You're being disingenuous. You're not
telling the truth. The questions you're
asking me are not yes or no questions."
And getting really sort of caught up in
the details of how he's being spoken to.
It went from like inspirational tone to
him being really mad and really upset
with the other attorneys. And
it's one of those things that could go
either way. When he was getting these
little clapbacks in, let's say, there
were guys around me who were clearly
there to view Musk and they would do
little fist pumps or laugh at like
Musk's jokes or snippiness and the
gallery was sort of popping off. Were
people really fist bumping in the
audience?
>> you have no idea. It was a wild gallery.
When I was in the back, I would hear
snickers around me from people who were
clearly fans of Musk when they felt he
was scoring a point against the lawyers.
It was like a show, man. It was like
really
>> a cage match happening. [laughter]
It was a trip. That was the thing. It
was sort of like people wanted the Elon
show and they got it. And it was one of
these moments for the OpenAI lawyers to
show, "Hey, look. This is how Elon Musk
can get when he doesn't get his way,
essentially." It was the idea that this
is about Musk being mad that he's not in
control, he's being left behind, and now
he's throwing a tantrum.
Okay, what about Sam Altman? What was
the Altman show? Yeah, so
how do I put this?
I wouldn't call him like classically
charismatic. Sure. But
I think he has a type of charisma that
actually works for him. He's more
soft-spoken.
He was leaning into this sort of like
I'm an entrepreneur who cares about the
world. Clearly not as famous as Elon
Musk, but I came from humble beginnings
and I built startups. I worked in
Silicon Valley with other optimistic
entrepreneurs. And it worked for him,
you know, like I think it was a chance
for him to really present himself to the
jury for the first time and I do think
that he presented well in that regard.
You know, he tried to talk about his
passion for tech and for building things
and this idea of getting into the
technology industry to make a positive
difference in the world.
And how did Musk's lawyers try to poke
holes in that image?
So
this is where things get
super gnarly for Altman. There has been
piece after piece of
the image of Sam Altman being chipped
away in public.
A lot of this started when he was uh
briefly fired from his job from the
board of directors and then reinstated,
which
the reason he was fired was because he
was  "not consistently candid
with the executives at the company."
There have been articles about him being
duplicitous, telling people one thing
and then telling people completely
opposite things 5 minutes later. There
was a particularly damning article in
The New Yorker a few weeks ago,
basically painting him as just a
fundamentally untrustworthy person.
Right.
So while he may not be as famous as Elon
Musk, the information that has been made
public about him and that has gotten a
lot of attention recently has basically
amounted to accusations that he's
deceptive. I mean, if this is any
indication, literally the first question
out of Elon Musk's counsel's mouth was,
"Are you trustworthy?"
Wow, throwing down the gauntlet.
>> Just like a like a bucket of cold water
in his face right off of the bat. And it
was funny actually cuz
I don't even know how I would answer
that. I would probably say like, "I
think so." or something. But like You
are trustworthy, Mike.
>> I Well, I appreciate that. Thank you.
And I think he said what I said, like,
"I think so. Like, yeah, I would like to
believe so." And then immediately Elon's
lawyers were like, "Oh, you think so?
You're not immediately trustworthy? Are
you not trustworthy?" Like it was
brutal. And it was very much just a just
a a parade of here are all the ways we
think you're a bald-faced liar in every
aspect of your life. Just over and over
and over again, you're saying.
>> Yeah. Yeah, like I mean, I was
uncomfortable. I do this for a living
and I was like, "Oh, god. That's brutal.
Please stop."
I think it can be kind of a gamble. Like
maybe the jury absorbed it or maybe they
thought it was a bit much, but picture
that Musk counsel was trying to paint
was essentially
this guy is not building AI for the
right reasons. Elon Musk is and Sam
Altman is not. What's Altman's demeanor
as these accusations are being presented
to him? He tried to sort of be humble
and say, "I I think I'm trustworthy."
and then slowly
over the course of hours of questioning
started to push back and started being a
little more forceful in his pushback. He
certainly was not like Elon who would
just throw insults right back at the
lawyers or whatever, you know, and I
think Altman was
you know, probably had the foresight to
not come off as snippy in that regard,
but I think after like hour one of
getting called, you know, Satan, he
decided to start pushing back a little
bit more. It's interesting how personal
this all sounds. Like you said this
trial feels very much about the
characters of these two men.
It's ostensibly about whether this
company
that was a non-profit betrayed its
original mission, but at a really
fundamental sense, it seems to be about
who these people are at their core.
Yeah, totally. And I I really think
that's part of the point of why we've
been getting into all these old emails
and muckraking. It's because a lot of
this trial feels kind of vibes-based at
this point. You have to remember this is
a jury of nine people who are
essentially trying to figure out kind of
which side they trust more. Right. Is it
Elon Musk telling the truth? Is it Sam
Altman? And I think each new bit of
evidence being introduced is trying to
sway the jury a little bit more that
actually this person shouldn't be
trusted. Mike, you obviously can't say
all that much about the jury and it
would be unfair for me to ask you to
predict what's about to happen, but
>> Thank you.
>> [laughter]
>> But I have to ask
who do you think
came out on top in the war to prove to
these nine people that they are the more
credible one? No, totally. I mean, well,
can I just tell you as I was reporting
this trial, I would get random messages
from people who are trying to bet on the
outcome of this trial on Kalshi and
Polymarket. Okay, but that's not why I'm
asking.
>> [laughter]
>> I was going to say, so I'm not telling
you if that's the case. But no. Also, I
did [clears throat] not respond to any
of them.
But,
it's too hard to tell, you know? And
there's still a bunch of stuff that has
to happen before we even get to a real
outcome. The jury has to deliberate on
the verdict itself. The judge has to
decide what remedies are, depending on
who wins. And I am sure there's going to
be appeals after whatever decision
comes.
So, Mike,
setting aside who may win, what do you
think the effect of this case will be?
Of all the mudslinging and the tarring
and feathering of these two guys at this
moment when public opinion of AI is so
contested? I mean, it's not lost on me
that this is all happening in a context
where neither of these two men or AI in
general is broadly beloved. Does it
heighten the sense that people might
have, the skepticism that people might
have over the leaders of this hugely
important industry? I mean, it certainly
doesn't help to have all these gnarly
emails from the past saying really bad
stuff about each other out there for
public consumption.
But, I I think you're exactly right.
We're in this weird moment in Silicon
Valley where
everyone in AI
realizes how much the average person
isn't as enamored with it as they are,
you know? Right.
>> Technologists see is this is how we can
do things faster and better, and these
jobs are going to go away, but in
service of
something bigger and better. And what
the average person hears out in the rest
of the world is you're going to take my
jobs, and you're going to, you know, be
richer than God, and I'm going to be
left with the scraps. Why would I Why
would I see anything good in this, you
know? Whoever wins this case, there is
something lost for both sides there
because
it's just a lot of real ugliness being
dredged up for the public to see and and
judge for themselves, you know? So,
sure they can say all day long that they
want to get back to building and I'm
sure that they do, but also
this is part of the game, man. This is
how they chip away at each other in this
incredibly intense competitive arena
around racing to build AI.
Obviously, competition has always
existed in this space, but it just
strikes me that what you're describing
right now is so different from that era
in 2015 that you heard about in this
trial where there was a real sense of
joint mission around this. Look, Silicon
Valley has always been a competitive
place,
but I was actually [clears throat]
talking to my editor the other day
and she was saying, "I don't think I've
ever seen it this crazy the entire time
I've been reporting out here." And I
agree with her, you know, like there's
something different about how people are
competing in this AI race, you know?
It's not just raising millions of
dollars, it's tens of billions, hundreds
of billions of dollars at stake. It's
looking at your competitors and dragging
their name and reputation through the
mud anyway you can. It's getting as much
competitive intelligence on each other
so you can throw it into a lawsuit or
get some like nasty character
assassination out there into the public.
It's doing whatever you can to keep
other people from investing your
competitors. And you have Molotov
cocktails being thrown at Sam Altman's
house, for example. I mean, the public
feeling about it is heightened, too. I
think that's the other part of it, you
know, like there's the money part and
there are people who believe this is
actually existential, you know, actually
the stakes are not just I'm going to
have the next cool company. It's what
happens to the human race if we fail.
>> [music]
>> But
look, the jury's deliberating right now.
The trial is still, you know, a total
[music]
up-in-the-air thing.
But I think no matter what the outcome
of this thing is, there's not really any
coming back from how high-stakes things
are.
That's just how it is out here now.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Well, Mike,
thanks so much. We really appreciate it.
Thank you for having me.
>> [music]
>> We'll be right back.
Here's what else you need to know today.
I've been able to participate in
democracy, and when you participate in
democracy,
>> [music]
>> sometimes it don't turn out the way you
want it to.
Republican Senator Bill Cassidy [music]
decisively lost his primary over the
weekend after President Trump targeted
him for defeat.
Trump was retaliating against Cassidy
[music] for voting to impeach him for
inciting insurrection after he lost the
2020 election. [music] But you don't
pout.
You don't whine. You don't claim the
election was stolen. You don't find a
reason why
In his concession speech, Cassidy took a
thinly veiled swipe at Trump [music]
saying America's leaders shouldn't be
focused on one individual who demanded
absolute loyalty.
But his defeat demonstrated the strength
of Trump's hold on the party.
Trump's chosen candidate, Julia Letlow,
finished well ahead. A former Trump
official finished second, and Cassidy
couldn't even secure enough support to
stay in the race.
Trump celebrated the result in a social
media post, saying [music] that
Cassidy's quote "disloyalty to the man
who got him elected
>> [music]
>> is now a part of legend."
>> Today's episode was produced by Astha
Chaturvedi, Adrian Hurst, Shannon Lin,
and Rochelle Bonja. [music]
It was edited by Brendan Klinkenberg,
with help from Paige Cowett, and
contains music by Dan Powell, Marion
Lozano, and Rowan [music] Nemiasto.
Our theme music is by Wonderly.
This episode was engineered by Chris
[music] Wood.
>> [music]
[music]
>> That's it for The Daily. [music] I'm
Natalie Kitroeff. See you tomorrow.